Add operation annotation `rotate-etcd-encryption-key` which performs an etcd rotation (#12605)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot-operations/shoot_credentials_rotation.md

- In stage three, the old encryption is dropped from the bundle.

Technically, the `Preparing` phase indicates the stages one and two.
The `Completing` phase indicates stage three, and the `Completed` phase states that the rotation process has finished.

> You can check the `.status.credentials.rotation.etcdEncryptionKey` field in the `Shoot` to see when the rotation was last initiated, last completed, and in which phase it currently is.

In order to perform the rotation, you have to annotate the shoot with the `rotate-etcd-encryption-key` operation:

```bash
kubectl -n <shoot-namespace> annotate shoot <shoot-name> gardener.cloud/operation=rotate-etcd-encryption-key
```

This will trigger a `Shoot` reconciliation and performs the stages one and two.
After it is completed, the `.status.credentials.rotation.etcdEncryptionKey.phase` is set to `Completing`.

> This will trigger another `Shoot` reconciliation and performs stage three.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will automatically trigger another `Shoot` reconciliation and perform stage three.
```

- In stage three, the old encryption is dropped from the bundle.

Technically, the `Preparing` phase indicates the stages one and two.
The `Completing` phase indicates stage three, and the `Completed` phase states that the rotation process has finished.

> You can check the `.status.credentials.rotation.etcdEncryptionKey` field in the `Shoot` to see when the rotation was last initiated, last completed, and in which phase it currently is.

In order to perform the rotation, you have to annotate the shoot with the `rotate-etcd-encryption-key` operation:

```bash
kubectl -n <shoot-namespace> annotate shoot <shoot-name> gardener.cloud/operation=rotate-etcd-encryption-key
```

This will trigger a `Shoot` reconciliation and performs the stages one and two.
After it is completed, the `.status.credentials.rotation.etcdEncryptionKey.phase` is set to `Completing`.

> This will automatically trigger another `Shoot` reconciliation and perform stage three.

Reviewer: Can you adapt this so that it properly reflects the new changes. Something like
```suggestion
After it is completed, the `.status.credentials.rotation.etcdEncryptionKey.phase` is set to `Prepared`.
This will automatically trigger another `Shoot` reconciliation and perform stage three.
```
